Extend documentation (#37)
BluEye-Robotics/blueye.sdk: docs/video/downloading-videos.md

> Videos can be downloaded from the drone through the mobile app or by using the [`Blueye file transfer`](https://www.blueyerobotics.com/Software/FileTransfer) desktop application for Windows and macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Videos can be downloaded from the drone through the mobile app or by using the [`Blueye file transfer`](https://www.blueyerobotics.com/Software/FileTransfer) desktop application for Windows, Mac OS and Linux.
```
